[DOCS][OV JS] Update JS API readme (#23138)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/js/node/README.md

# OpenVINO™ Node.js Bindings

> Use OpenVINO Runtime from your Node.js application uses OpenVINO JavaScript API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use OpenVINO JavaScript API for your Node.js application.
```
That still will be the same what you meant, right?

Author: It's different, but let's simplify this

## Usage

> Install openvino-node package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the **openvino-node** package:
```

```sh
npm install openvino-node
```

> Use openvino-node package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **openvino-node** package
```

```ts
const { addon: ov } = require('openvino-node');
```

## Build From Sources

For more details, refer to the [Developer documentation](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/bindings/js/docs/README.md#openvino-node-package-developer-documentation)

## Documentation & Samples

- [OpenVINO Node.js API](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/api/nodejs_api/nodejs_api.html)

> - [notebooks & samples openvino-node package usage](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/samples/js/node/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Samples of OpenVINO Node.js API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/samples/js/node/README.md)
```
